Now let's add the same test for the just version.
So opening activate component just as so we will have it as the writer.
Just copying the last test.
It's for the activation failure, but we are not going to care about the result, but we are going to
just check the spinner visibility so it displays spinner during activation API call.
So running setup.
And navigating to this page.
Now we are going to get the spinner and we are going to wait for it to be appear screen find by row
status.
So the spinner will be there.
But then we are going to wait until this failed message to appear.
And if that message is there, then we are sure the spinner is gone.
By the way, I didn't that assertion here because it's not necessary, because if that that element
is not found, this is proving error in this line.
So the test fails if this is not going to find the element.
But after the activation failure, we can do the assertion like this.
We are expecting the spinner not to be in the document, so let's save this one.
And tests are passing.